Hello, are you free?
What are you going to make a fuss about the Dongshuai Department?
Okay, okay, no problem.
Open the key
It's curled up on the left, and there's a guy at the bottom.
Inside the first cabinet on the left
It's 3,000 years old.
The second cabinet is 5,000 years old
It is also the big pendant in the third cabinet.
Is he prepared for the Queen Mother?
Monkey, don't worry about returning it.
Wait until I come back and then return it.
Otherwise, it will be difficult to explain.
Haha, can you still do this?
How hard is it?
Long live your understanding.
Are those two going back to heaven?
The time has come
In here
Just two mouthfuls of elixir will be left to you, fairy.
Only one day's time limit.
Expired and invalid?
Hey, hey, thank you Lao Xu
Ah!
What's wrong with you? Are you alright?
24 hours immediately
The medicine is useless
Saving a life is better than building a seventh-level buoy
As the saying goes, it is difficult for a doctor to heal himself
I want Ye to be named a genius doctor
Now I still need my benefactor to drink
Oh yes
I know how Eun Gong saved my life
Here it is.
If you want.
Here you go.
God, man
Heaven is here to thank the benefactor
Oh my god has eyes
Let me get such a creature
With this honor
Plus the relationship between me and Doctor Night God
I don't believe I can't take you, Ruyan Liu will stay by my side
This treasure is the one who holds the
A gift from the VIP of the premium invitation letter
Take it for yourself
Master does not understand
Humph
do not understand
Expert Sun, don't forget that this is in the clouds
Even if a steel cannon falls from the sky
He has to be surnamed Jiang
As long as you are strict enough
I can't do without you
As long as I remember the details in this tower
Can't I be your guest of honor?